20_2 Scheduler scrollTo: create description (#1687)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxScheduler/3 Methods/scrollTo(date_group_allDay).md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Scrolls the current view to a specified position. Available for all views except *"agenda"*. Requires the [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#height) property to be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scrolls the current view to a specified position. Available for all views except *"agenda"*. You should specify the [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#height) property to use this option.
```

##### param(date): Date
A date and time to scroll to.

##### param(group): Object | undefined
An appointment group (optional).

##### param(allDay): Boolean | undefined

> If **true**, scrolls to the all-day panel of the specified group. Applies only if the all-day panel is [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showAllDayPanel).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If **true**, scrolls the view to the all-day panel of the specified group. Applies only if the all-day panel is [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showAllDayPanel).
```

---

> [note] If you need to navigate to a date outside of the current view, use the [currentDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#currentDate) property instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] If you need to navigate to a date outside the current view, use the [currentDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#currentDate) property instead. 
```

#####See Also#####
#include common-link-callmethods
- [Group Appointments by Resources](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/Scheduler/Resources/Group_Appointments_by_Resources/)
- [currentView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#currentView)
- [startDayHour](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#startDayHour)

> - [endDayHour](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#endDayHour)

Reviewer 2: How are these properties connected with the method? Let's give links to the scrolling object and the crossScrollingEnabled property instead.

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Scrolls the current view to a specified date, time, and optionally, appointment group. Requires the [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#height) property to be set.

Reviewer 2: > to a specified date, time, and optionally, appointment group

There's also an all-day panel, so I would not list all the elements. Also, let's specify the exception of the Agenda view here instead of the full description.

```suggestion
Scrolls the current view to a specified position. Available for all views except *"agenda"*. Requires the [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#height) property to be set.
```

##### param(date): Date

> A date and time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A date and time to scroll to.
```

##### param(group): Object | undefined

> Specifies the appointment group if any.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An appointment group (optional).
```

##### param(allDay): Boolean | undefined

> If **true**, scrolls to the top of the view. Appliable for the *"day"* and *"week"* [views](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/) if [showAllDayPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showAllDayPanel) is enabled.

Reviewer 2: > Appliable for the *"day"* and *"week"* [views](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/) if [showAllDayPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showAllDayPanel) is enabled.

Applies to workweek view as well. Anyway, it's a bit hard to keep all these prerequisites in mind. Let's just say as following:

```suggestion
If **true**, scrolls the view to the all-day panel. Applies only if the all-day panel is [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#showAllDayPanel).
```

---

> This method is available for all views except *"agenda"*.

Reviewer 2: Moved to the short description.

```suggestion

```
